


My research focus on the world of quantum materials, exploring their optical, electronic, and spin properties. Particularly, I am intrigued by the unique characteristics of two-dimensional materials and their Van der Waals heterostructures. To investigate their novel properties, we utilize model Hamiltonians and density functional theory (DFT) derived tight-binding Hamiltonians. Additionally, we are always developing new theoretical tools and conducting quantum transport analytical and numerical calculations.

Even though my research is primarily geared towards fundamental science, the problems we tackle are highly relevant to the development of the next generation of electronic devices for the information technology industry. The novel materials and effects we study have the potential to impact this industry, leading to more efficient and environmentally friendly solutions that can pave the way for a novel generation of electronic devices. 

In the direction of environmentally friendly solutions, we have been working on alternatives to the use of heavy metals for spin-charge interconversion in spintronics. Orbitronics is an emerging research area where the magnetic moment generated by the orbital motion of the electrons is used, instead of the magnetic moment of the spin, to enconde information.

Recently, I also have shifted my focus towards exploring the influence of topology on optics, particularly in the field of photonics. By understanding how topology affects optical phenomena, we can unlock new possibilities and insights into the behavior of light, leading to exciting new discoveries in the field.

Read a bit more about my main interests at the moment: 

* [Orbitronics in 2D materials](orbitronics.md)
 
* [Photonics](photonics.md)

* [Numerical Quantum Transport Calculations] (transport.md)